Hola todos.
Les comparto este enlace de  open2Study, se  esta dictando el curso de Concepts in Games Development (GameDev)
y It's free !!!
https://learn.open2study.com/mod/firstlook/view.php?id=13064



Hola.
Algunos han quedado fuera del curso ya que terminaron las inscripciones, en esta ... estaran publicando los videos del evento y tambien los PopQuiz
Slds.


Hola todos.
Module 1 - Essentials of Game Design
Topic 1: It’s All About the Game (2:10)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=doWWtF4n0GY

Which of the following best describes what game design is?

a) The act of deciding what a game should be.
b) The job that only a qualified game designer can do.
c) A document that describes software architecture.
d) The act of writing code for a game.

Answer: The act of deciding what a game should be.

Game design is central to all aspects of game development, and is the collection of decisions about what the game should be.


Module 1 - Essentials of Game Design
Topic 2: The Game Designer (4:03)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZBUvPqw69f8

Which of the following is true about a game designer?

a) They only have to follow a process of simple rules to design a great game.
b) It can be anyone who makes decisions about a game during development.
c) They only make decisions about the game before it is created.
d) Game designers are not needed because good game design is very easy.

Answer: It can be anyone who makes decisions about a game during development.

A game designer can be anyone influencing the game design, and this means many people with different skills and backgrounds may be the designers of the final game.


Module 1 - Essentials of Game Design
Topic 3: Game Design Elements (7:58)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6kuYrBbDhJ8

Which of the following lists the key elements of game design presented in this topic:

a) Physics, graphics, audio, networking and input control.
b) Basic idea, storyline, visual design, audio design, control and interaction mode.
c) Initialisation, input, update, render and finalisation.
d) The game design bible, storyboards and technical specifications.


Six steep to help us design and start
1) Basic idea, debe ser lo más simple y corto.
	Idea Original.
	Donas asesinas del espacio exterior vienen a invadirnos, tu un super soldado
	tienes el deber de salvar al planeta, cuentas con super poderes y armas.
	Idea comparativa.
	ES como el juego de Asteroides, pero con donas y en la costa del pacifico.

2) Story Line.

3) Visual Design

4) Audio Design

5)


